Add curated_metric column to check validation (#11168)
DataDog/integrations-core: docs/dev/check_references.md

| `orientation`   | Mandatory          | Set to `1` if the metric should go up, i.e `myapp.turnover`. Set to `0` if the metric variations are irrelevant. Set to `-1` if the metric should go down, i.e `myapp.latency`.                                                                                                                                                         |
| `integration`   | Mandatory          | The name of the integration that emits the metric. Must be the normalized version of the `display_name` from the `manifest.json` file. Any character besides letters, underscores, dashes, and numbers are converted to underscores, for example: `Openstack Controller` -> `openstack_controller`and `ASP.NET` -> `asp_net` and `CRI-o` -> `cri-o`. |
| `short_name`    | Mandatory          | Explicit Unique ID for the metric.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | `curated_metric`| Optional           | Marks the metric as noteworthy for a given type (`cpu` and `memory` are the current accepted types).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `curated_metric`| Optional           | Marks the metric as noteworthy for a given type (`cpu` and `memory` are both accepted).
```
